.TH GURU 1 2025-07-16 "Guru Package Manager"

.SH NAME

\fBguru\fR \- simple package manager for gurus

.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBguru\fR [\fIguru-options\fR] \fIcommand\fB [\fIcommand-opts\fR]
.br
\fBguru\fR \fB--list\fR
.br
\fBguru\fR \fB--help\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION

Tool for installing software conforming to the \fBguru\fR(5) package format.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS Guru options

.TP
\fB--help\fR
Display brief help information and exit.

.TP
\fB--list\fR
Display list of recognized commands.  This may include built-in commands or
additional commands installed to the local system.

.TP
\fB--no-color\fR
Disable color output.  By default, \fBguru\fR will use ANSI escapes to format
the command output when connected to a terminal.

.TP
\fB--prefix\fR \fIDIR\fR
Set the directory prefix where the package will be installed.  Some packages
may not respect this setting for all package components.  By default, the
prefix will be \fB/usr/local\fR.

.TP
\fB--version\fR
Display version information and exit.

.SH EXIT STATUS

.TP
.B 0
Execution completed successfully.

.TP
.B 1
Command failed.  A descriptive error message should be written to STDERR.

.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\"
.\".TP
.\".B FOO_BAR
.\"If $ \fBFOO_BAR\fR is set, this is what it does.

.\".SH FILES
.\"
.\".TP
.\".I /file/path/to/whatever/*.foo
.\"Brief description of what this file is.  Maybe a reference to \fBfoo\fR(5) for
.\"more information about foo files.

.\".SH STANDARDS
.\"List \fBstandards\fR(7) that relate to this command.  Describe any relevant
.\"details or deviations. Ex: POSIX.1-2001, POSIX.1-2008 ...

.\".SH NOTES
.\"Some other interesting or useful notes about this command.

.\".SH CAVEATS
.\"Warnings about some things that aren't bugs or design defects.

.\".SH BUGS
.\"Bugs, misfeatures, flaws, warts, curses, etc.

.\".SH EXAMPLES
.\"These examples demonstrate doing things.

.\".SS Thing example
.\"mans -f --long=foo

.\".SH SEE ALSO
.\"\fBfoo\fR(1),
.\"\fBbar\fR(1),
.\"\fBbaz\fR(5)
.\".PP
.\"Perhaps less structured info to use \fBother_command\fR(1) to do things.
