.TH GURU 1 2025-07-16 "Guru Package Manager"

.SH NAME

\fBguru\fR \- package format for Guru Package Manager

.SH SYNOPSIS

The following relative paths have meaning within a Guru package:

\fIpkg\fR/apt, \fIpkg\fR/bin/, \fIpkg\fR/fs/, \fIpkg\fR/group, \fIpkg\fR/lib/,
\fIpkg\fR/man/, \fIpkg\fR/passwd, \fIpkg\fR/share/, \fIpkg\fR/version

.SH DESCRIPTION

This article describes the layout of a Guru package.  Guru packages can be
installed using the \fBguru\fR(1) command.

TODO: add info about \fIprefix\fR

.SH FILES

.TP
\fIpkg\fR/
Root directory of the package.

.TP
\fIpkg\fR/apt
The apt files lists additional package dependencies that must be installed
using the \fBapt-get\fR(1) command.  If the system does not support
\fBapt-get\fR, this file is ignored.  The file should contain a list of
whitespace delimited package names and may include comments starting with '#'.

.TP
\fIpkg\fR/bin/
Directory containing executables to be installed.  Files in this directory
will be installed to \fIprefix\fR/bin/.

.TP
\fIpkg\fR/lib/
Directory containing supporting files to be installed.  Files in this
directory will be installed to \fIprefix\fR/lib/.

.TP
\fIpkg\fR/man/
Directory containing man pages to be installed.  Files in this directory that
match the glob pattern *.[1-9] will be installed to the appropriate man page
directory.  In addition, if any man pages are installed, the man database will
be updated during the package installation.

.TP
\fIpgk\fR/share/
Directory containing supporting files to be installed.  Files in this
directory will be installed to \fIprefix\fR/share/.

.TP
\fIpkg\fR/version (required)
The version file contains the version specification for the package.  This
file must be present for the Guru package to be valid, but its contents are
not defined.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBguru\fR(1)
